# This Weeks Accomplishments: April, 1 2016
## This Week's Goal: Encourage and Be Meaningful with Time!

## Things I Did From the List:
- [X] Finished Algorithms article

### Additional Things I Did:
- [X] Ran Bolder Boulder 10k
- [X] Encouraged my wife about going to school or a job. Might screw up again, that's okay if it's not perfect.
- [X] Completed list of Objectives, Level up in Angular, Write 30 Unit tests, and be more productive at work (remove distractions, find blocking items first, get shit done)
- [X] Woke up early and went into work, watched Deborah Kurata's Angular2 course
- [X] Talked through wifes dental work with brother in law dentist
- [X] Enjoyed my bike rides into work
- [X] Learned a few new kettlebell lifts


## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Update blog at home (have changes there that I should merge)
- [ ] Write: powerpoint for team to learn Angular
- [ ] Write: Angular 1 vs Angular 2 syntax
- [ ] Write: Angular 2 Best Practices and things to avoid
- [ ] Home stuff like wifes birthday present

## Next Week's Goal: My mentee from Sioux Falls is coming to stay with us

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Finish learning the in's and out's of Angular
- [ ] Read blog posts and make Angular powerpoint
- [ ] Get a summer haircut!


### Week in Review
Writing this late (again) because family was in Denver for a week, which made it tough to get any work done. 1/2 days are effective use of vacation days, but I got very little done the entire week.

The top thing I got done this week was learning Angular in the mornings, 7:30am - 9am is the time that I can learn. I'll have to keep doing that, even if it makes the day quite long (and in a standing desk makes it even tougher).

My birthday is coming up, it's a bit hard to think what I want because quite a bit of the year is focused on others and cleaning up the house.

