# This Weeks Accomplishments: April, 1 2016
## This Week's Goal: Encourage and Be Meaningful with Time!

## Things I Did From the List:
- [X] Finished Algorithms article

### Additional Things I Did:
- [X] Ran 5.4 miles (on a roundable way to the bank)
- [X] Encouraged my wife about going to school or a job. Might screw up again, that's okay if it's not perfect.
- [X] Completed list of Objectives, Level up in Angular, Write 30 Unit tests, and be more productive at work (remove distractions, find blocking items first, get shit done)
- [X] Go to bed by 10pm (a couple days)
- [X] Watched video on static site blogs, comparing Jekyll to 50 others.
- [X] Went to a distillery with my wife and enjoyed a cheese plate and subtle flavors.

## Things I Didn't Get to/Finish:
- [ ] Move blog from Jekkyl-Now to Jekkyl
- [ ] Submit a talk proposal for being active as a dev
- [ ] Watch Angular courses

## Next Week's Goal: Be excited about the simple things in life.

## Things I'll do Next Week:
- [ ] Watch 2 videos from my content list about Angular
- [ ] Enjoy my bike ride to work more, looks incredibly nice
- [ ] Watch Angular courses
- [ ] Get a haircut (maybe similar to Todd Motto? Ideas?)


### Week in Review
Writing this a week late b/c work was swamping me late into a Friday. Regardless, it was a successful week. I was able to finish 4 stories in 5 days, including a rather complex query output. I watched a conference video on static site blogs and the importance of the small details, decided to update my existing blog to Jekkyl 3.0.

Found out my parents are coming to the Denver area, that should be fun. Top things on the list are 4x4'ing in the mountains, going ot New Belgium brewery, and taking some time off to spend time with them (haven't seen them since we left in September (7 monthes)).I mailed taxes (Yay, finally got them in the mail!). Trying something new is rediculously important to me, so this weekend we went to a distillery and tasted the nuances and asked them our favorite question. What is your favorite... We brought the Gin home and tried it compared to our others and were floored by the differences. Never have done a tasting of styles like that before.